Update README.md (#1150)
nvbn/thefuck: README.md

## Installation

> On OS X/11, you can install *The Fuck* via [Homebrew][homebrew] (or via [Linuxbrew][linuxbrew] on Linux):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, you can install *The Fuck* via [Homebrew][homebrew] (or via [Linuxbrew][linuxbrew] on Linux):
```
